Mr. Gu, I just met Li Shao by chance
Just a few words of greeting with him
Humph
Is that right? I think if I were a few minutes late
You all did it for real
Dawn you bastard
Li Shao, please don't insult us, Mr. Gu
Please leave immediately
Well, it seems that I usually train well
At a critical time, I also know that mutual aid ancient immigrants
Mr. Li, I don't bother you if I don't have anything.
Come with me!
Does Li Shao need me to call?
Ask your father to come over
Cool Yingming, don't think I'm afraid of you
Don't go with him for a year
It's really over the top
Let's go
I miss you
miss
You wait for me.
It seems that I can't let you out for a second
Mr. Gu, today is really just a coincidence
Believe it yourself
I won't and dare not lie to you.
See how ruthless you are
Wu Ma is taking good care of him for me.
Don't leave the door for half a step
What about eating?
Mr. Gu, please
I beg you not to leave me here alone
I beg you
Why are you opening the door?